Jim it's you.
Today is the day that I will never let go of you
Jim, you should know when it’s time to hold on
or when it’s time to let go.
You know what, some good things
will really come to an end
no matter how good they were.
Enough of that sister,
your words are not helping.
But it’s the truth.
You always watch that,
that’s why you get more depressed.
Six months…
I will never get tired,
until we meet again.
Wow! Good job!
Nice! Nice!
Let's take a picture
Good job!
I told you I can do this!
Okay, so “shoplift”, check.
No, that’s not shoplifting,
that’s taking revenge on the capitalists.
Wow. English again, very long English this time.
You’re beginning to sound like Ben.
That’s sad.
I thought we are doing this to move on from him,
but it seems like,
we are getting reminded of him more.
Sorry, madame BFF.
It’s okay BFF.
So, what’s next on my list.
Oops, wait.
Wait.
Let me work the day first.
It’s too good to be wasted.
But we have an appointment later,
we promised Babe.
I know,
but let me work first so I can bring home
something to my nineteen siblings.
You have a lot of siblings,
unlike me, alone.
You’re not alone.
I’m here, you’re one and only BFF.
So, where do you want me to take you?
To the mall.
I’m gonna do this “slap a Karen without a warning”.
Wow, to the mall again,
you always get a free ride, thanks to me.
Come on.
Let’s go.
Hey, I’ll go ahead.
I’ll come back later.
I’ll just go to the clinic.
Why don’t you go home
so you can rest properly.
Why? Am I not allowed here?
I’m a paying customer.
Flo…
thank you.
Bye!
-Hey!
-Bro!
I’ll go ahead.
You’re still here?
I thought you already left.
What are you, a stalker?
Not a stalker,
just an observer.
I was already introducing you a while ago---
I can do it myself!
At my own pace and time.
I can.
Yes, young boy?
Huh?
No,
I’m not following you.
I’m just waiting for a cab here.
Don’t be assuming.
So, it’s me who’s assuming now huh.
Wait!
Let me take you home.
Why? Do you have a car?
[So, hello guys!]
[This is Jim Alcantara.]
[And to those who don't believe...]
[Yes.]
[I know this man here, Ben Mendoza.]
Hey, how are you?
I’m coming home.
Are you still staying next door?
Yes. How are you? Haha.
Delete message for everyone?
Confirm
Message deleted
The next time we see each other,
I’d be politically correct,
but no longer a politician’s son.
Jim, if you’re leaving and not sleeping here,
lock the store okay.
Yes ma’am.
Okay.
Hello, Babe?
Yes, I’m about to close the store.
Okay.
Wait.
Sir.
Sir, we are closed already.
The customer is always right.
Can I have one Caramel Macchiato please?
Excuse me sir.
How is it?
Almost done, Sir.
Is that everything, Sir?
Nothing else.
Aren’t you the one who went viral?
You confessed your love to someone,
how are you now?
Sir, just call me if you need anything else.
Pathetic.
Do you want me to go there
and drag him out of this place?
Stop it BFF, if Ben were here,
he'd be mad at you.
It’s like he’s doing it on purpose.
The customer is always right.
The customer should always be treated right,
that’s the correct one.
That’s English!
Good job!
Where’s Rica?
Do you want to postpone this first?
It seems like that.
So, what now?
Let’s go. We waited too long already.
Bye.
Take care.
Excuse me.
Bill out please.
Benny, wherever you are,
we hope that you are happy.
Go online please. Let’s chat sometime.
There’s no signal there.
We miss you, Benny.
Someday, wifey.
The stars will align for us.
Thank you, Bro.
I’m envious of your car.
Anytime, Bro.
Take care.
How did you get in?
How about you?
Do you have a boyfriend?
None, Mr. Host.
I just think of my career as of the moment.
[Funny Meme]
[Who’s this?]
Where to?
So, your place or my place?
Oh, Sir.
You won’t do it yet.
You can start by getting to know each other first.
Of course, in times like this,
it’s not good to be alone.
You should always have assurance, always ready.
How about you? Are you always ready?
Are you “power”?
You’re handsome.
Thank you.
And you’re beautiful.
Actually, I don’t matter here,
I’ll be leaving soon.
You two have fun.
Wait! I’m still waiting for someone.
Is that what you do all day?
Cry over someone you weren’t able to fight for?
That’s not how you mend a broken heart, honey.
It’s not the world’s fault that you got cancelled.
Is that how it is now?
Once you’re wrong, he’s wrong forever.